advocates/azure-developer-tour-2018/index.html.md, before:

---
  title: Azure Developer Tour 2018
  description: Azure Developer Tour 2018
  keywords: Azure, .NET, Node.js, API
  author: anthonychu
  ms.author: antchu
  manager: timheuer
  ms.date: 04/02/2018
  ms.topic: article
  ms.service: multiple
  layout: ContentPage
---

# Azure Developer Tour 2018

![Banner](media/banner.png)

Whether you’re new to the cloud or a seasoned expert, you’ll learn something at the Azure Developer Tour. The Azure Developer Tour is all about code. Here are the demos our [Cloud Developer Advocates](https://twitter.com/azureadvocates) used to code live and demonstrate how Azure can help you solve some of your most vexing developer problems. Try them yourself, and feel free to ask us your questions [@AzureAdvocates](https://twitter.com/azureadvocates).

Service | Demos, docs and tutorials
------- | -------------------------
Azure Virtual Machines | <ul><li>[Linux Virtual Machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Windows Virtual Machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
VM Scale Sets | <ul><li>[Create a Virtual Machine Scale Set in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machine-scale-sets/quick-create-portal?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure App Service | <ul><li>[Overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create a Node.js web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-web-get-started-nodejs?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create a .NET web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-web-get-started-dotnet?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create a Java web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/quickstart-java?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-brborges)</li><li>[Deployment Slots](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/web-sites-staged-publishing?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Visual Studio Team Services | <ul><li>[Get Started with VSTS](https://docs.microsoft.com/vsts/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant&view=vsts)</li><li>[Deploy to Azure with VSTS](https://docs.microsoft.com/vsts/deploy-azure/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant&view=vsts)</li><li>[Build and deploy a web app using VSTS](https://docs.microsoft.com/vsts/build-release/apps/cd/azure/aspnet-core-to-azure-webapp?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant&view=vsts&tabs=vsts)</li></ul>
Mobile Development with Xamarin | <ul><li>[Visual Studio App Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/appcenter/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Get Visual Studio tools for Mobile development](https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/mobile-app-development/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Xamarin Live Player](https://www.xamarin.com/live?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Databases | <ul><li>[Azure SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create an Azure SQL database](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-portal?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Threat protection](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-threat-detection?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Azure Database for PostgreSQL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/postgresql/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Azure Database for MySQL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
SQL Migration Wizard | <ul><li>[Migrate a SQL database to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-migrate-your-sql-server-database?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Cosmos DB | <ul><li>[Distributed databases with ease](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/?WC.mc_id=redshirttour-fall2017-scottgu)</li><li>[How to distribute globally with CosmosDB](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/distribute-data-globally?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Containers and Docker | <ul><li>[Azure Container Instances](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/container-instances/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Azure Container Service (AKS)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Migrate an ASP.NET MVC app to Containers](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/mvc/overview/deployment/docker-aspnetmvc?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Functions | <ul><li>[Go Serverless with Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Your First Serverless Function](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-your-first-function-visual-studio?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li></li>[Create a function in Java with Maven](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-first-java-maven?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-brborges)<li>[Connect to a Github Webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-github-webhook-triggered-function?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Use a webhook for Blob Storage activity](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-storage-blob-triggered-function?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Cat Moderation App w/Functions and Cognitive Services](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/functions-customer-reviews)</ul>
Azure Logic Apps | <ul><li>[Understanding Logic Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create your first Logic App](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/quickstart-create-first-logic-app-workflow?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Working with Logic App Connectors](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/connectors/apis-list?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Cognitive Services | <ul><li>[Overview of Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/#pivot=products&panel=cognitive&WT.mc_id=redhsirttour-fall2017-scottgu)</li><li>[Computer Vision API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Emotion API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/emotion/home?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Face API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/face/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Crowd Insights Demo App](https://github.com/Microsoft/Cognitive-Samples-IntelligentKiosk)</li></ul>
Azure Stack | <ul><li>[Deploying and managing Azure Stack](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Advisor | <ul><li>[Optimize your Azure deployments with Advisor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/advisor/advisor-get-started?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Availability Sets | <ul><li>[Distribute VMs across hardware clusters](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/tutorial-availability-sets?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Managed Disks | <ul><li>[Simplify disk management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/managed-disks-overview?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Convert an existing VM to use Managed Disks](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/convert-unmanaged-to-managed-disks?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Security Center | <ul><li>[Understand your security profile in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-get-started?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Setup and review Security Alerts](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-managing-and-responding-alerts?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Role-based Access Control | <ul><li>[Configure role access to resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Monitor | <ul><li>[Monitor and diganose your cloud resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[View and analyze logs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-tutorial-viewdata?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>

Commit message:

Update Azure Dev Tour page
Add Java links.
Add link to the Microsoft Azure Events page filtering for Azure Dev Tour to find next events.

advocates/azure-developer-tour-2018/index.html.md, after:

---
  title: Azure Developer Tour 2018
  description: Azure Developer Tour 2018
  keywords: Azure, .NET, Node.js, API
  author: anthonychu
  ms.author: antchu
  manager: timheuer
  ms.date: 04/02/2018
  ms.topic: article
  ms.service: multiple
  layout: ContentPage
---

# Azure Developer Tour 2018

![Banner](media/banner.png)

Whether you’re new to the cloud or a seasoned expert, you’ll learn something at the Azure Developer Tour. The Azure Developer Tour is all about code. Here are the demos our [Cloud Developer Advocates](https://twitter.com/azureadvocates) used to code live and demonstrate how Azure can help you solve some of your most vexing developer problems. Try them yourself, and feel free to ask us your questions [@AzureAdvocates](https://twitter.com/azureadvocates).

Find when and where is the next events by visiting [Microsoft Azure Events](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/events/?query=azure+developer+tour) page.

Service | Demos, docs and tutorials
------- | -------------------------
Azure Virtual Machines | <ul><li>[Linux Virtual Machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Windows Virtual Machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
VM Scale Sets | <ul><li>[Create a Virtual Machine Scale Set in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machine-scale-sets/quick-create-portal?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure App Service | <ul><li>[Overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create a Node.js web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-web-get-started-nodejs?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create a .NET web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-web-get-started-dotnet?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create a Java web app](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/quickstart-java?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-brborges)</li><li>[Deployment Slots](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/web-sites-staged-publishing?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Visual Studio Team Services | <ul><li>[Get Started with VSTS](https://docs.microsoft.com/vsts/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant&view=vsts)</li><li>[Deploy to Azure with VSTS](https://docs.microsoft.com/vsts/deploy-azure/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant&view=vsts)</li><li>[Build and deploy a web app using VSTS](https://docs.microsoft.com/vsts/build-release/apps/cd/azure/aspnet-core-to-azure-webapp?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant&view=vsts&tabs=vsts)</li></ul>
Mobile Development with Xamarin | <ul><li>[Visual Studio App Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/appcenter/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Get Visual Studio tools for Mobile development](https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/mobile-app-development/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Xamarin Live Player](https://www.xamarin.com/live?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Databases | <ul><li>[Azure SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create an Azure SQL database](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-portal?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Threat protection](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-threat-detection?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Azure Database for PostgreSQL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/postgresql/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Azure Database for MySQL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
SQL Migration Wizard | <ul><li>[Migrate a SQL database to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-migrate-your-sql-server-database?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Cosmos DB | <ul><li>[Distributed databases with ease](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/?WC.mc_id=redshirttour-fall2017-scottgu)</li><li>[How to distribute globally with CosmosDB](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/distribute-data-globally?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Containers and Docker | <ul><li>[Azure Container Instances](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/container-instances/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Azure Container Service (AKS)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Migrate an ASP.NET MVC app to Containers](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/mvc/overview/deployment/docker-aspnetmvc?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Functions | <ul><li>[Go Serverless with Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Your First Serverless Function](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-your-first-function-visual-studio?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li></li>[Create a function in Java with Maven](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-first-java-maven?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-brborges)<li>[Connect to a Github Webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-github-webhook-triggered-function?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Use a webhook for Blob Storage activity](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-storage-blob-triggered-function?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Cat Moderation App w/Functions and Cognitive Services](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/functions-customer-reviews)</ul>
Azure Logic Apps | <ul><li>[Understanding Logic Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Create your first Logic App](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/quickstart-create-first-logic-app-workflow?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Working with Logic App Connectors](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/connectors/apis-list?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Cognitive Services | <ul><li>[Overview of Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/#pivot=products&panel=cognitive&WT.mc_id=redhsirttour-fall2017-scottgu)</li><li>[Computer Vision API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Emotion API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/emotion/home?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Face API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/face/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Crowd Insights Demo App](https://github.com/Microsoft/Cognitive-Samples-IntelligentKiosk)</li></ul>
Azure Stack | <ul><li>[Deploying and managing Azure Stack](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Advisor | <ul><li>[Optimize your Azure deployments with Advisor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/advisor/advisor-get-started?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Availability Sets | <ul><li>[Distribute VMs across hardware clusters](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/tutorial-availability-sets?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Managed Disks | <ul><li>[Simplify disk management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/managed-disks-overview?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Convert an existing VM to use Managed Disks](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/convert-unmanaged-to-managed-disks?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Security Center | <ul><li>[Understand your security profile in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-get-started?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[Setup and review Security Alerts](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-managing-and-responding-alerts?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Role-based Access Control | <ul><li>[Configure role access to resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
Azure Monitor | <ul><li>[Monitor and diganose your cloud resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li><li>[View and analyze logs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-tutorial-viewdata?WT.mc_id=azuredevtour-azuretourusah12018-prashant)</li></ul>
